updated README.md file in otlpreceiver (#9756)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector: receiver/otlpreceiver/README.md

The OTLP receiver can receive trace export calls via HTTP/JSON in addition to
gRPC. The HTTP/JSON address is the same as gRPC as the protocol is recognized

> and processed accordingly. Note the serialization format needs to be [OTLP JSON](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/otel/protocol/file-exporter/).

Reviewer: I think this is the right link, isn't it?
```suggestion
and processed accordingly. Note the serialization format needs to be [OTLP JSON](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/otlp/#json-protobuf-encoding).
```
